Soooooo cute. I bought it for my daughter's 14th birthday and it's on button what I remember those old cameras being. It's fun and she loves it. It's easy to use and adds a quirky quality to the photos. If you have any melanin, you'll need to be close up with flash or in great lighting. My kid and neice are nearly washed out due to their brown coloring but we motionless enjoy the camera and am happy with the purchase.
This is a great camera. Easy to use and take great pictures. The accessories are useful. However, the flash is non compatible with this camera (see awake). I read that this flash is non compatible with the camera. Therefore, they are sending accessories that are non compatible in a bundle which is non fair. Other than the accessories, this is a great camera.
If you are looking for a great entry level camera and kit for photography look no farther! They say that a picture can speak a thousand words. I will let the pictures do equitable that.
I am genuinely enjoying my new iPad, and I’m sol glad I paid a little extra for the extra storage (128GB) sol I ne er once again have to second-guess downloading solmething I genuinely want due to space concerns, Alsol love the color - solmewhere between Apple’s rose gold and regular gold. I do a lot or reading on my device, and the white border is easier on my eyes for that.
This might be the smartest device I have. It is the perfect size for my car, was easy to assemble and keeps my iPhone 7 in plain view. The instructions for fitting the device came in lead of time which made the entire experience a pleasure.
Arrived when promised and fits perfect in a 2016 F250. Seems to be good quality and installed has a selfsame clean look. The design allows the factory 12 Volt Outlet cover to amply close while the adapter remains in place.
I was suprised with all the hardware this comes with. It came with multiple metric bolts for different thread sizes for different TV's. It comes with everything you need. As foresightful as you mount it to a stud its non going anyplace.
I LOVE my new antenna! I latterly cancelled my cable due to my household being reduced to a one-income household and non being able to afford every month cable bills. The picture is absollutely clear and I get the local stations. This is perfect and I am sol happy with my purchase!
I run about 6 of these in my HiFi system and they are genuinely solid cables. The physical build quality is excellent, connections are tight, and sound quality is great. The world of cables is full of pseudo-science and promises of dramatically improved A/V quality if you spend $80. Realistically, equitable buy these for $5 and you'll have the same experience.
This is a high-quality RCA adapter cable. One of the best things about it is that it is designed to plug into a phone jack without having to remove the case. I would extremely recommend this product to anyone and would buy it once again if I needed another.
Good wire, good price, used for outdoor speakers which sound great. Empty spool made great dog toy!
This cable did make a significant difference in richness. I had to adjust the levels to reduce the amount of bass. The cable that came with my subwoofer was much thinner and provided what I thought was decent solund but this cable made a huge difference. It was sol significant I was wondering what other cables I should change. This was a great purchase! The only things that could make this better would peradventure be a right angle plug.
This cable is one of the best I have e er used. The connectors are solid and good built. The cable runs from end to end wrapped in a flexible nylon mesh that is smooth to the touch and protects the cable selfsame good. It is in reality is a great value for what you get.
The exact cord necessary for use for an older monitor to newer COY. Found easily with good descriptions and pictures of connector ends. Solved my problem!
I ne er knew what these cables were good for until I in reality got one and I recommend anyone and everyone who enjoys high quality audio to get this. Unlike RCA cables, optical cables allow for multiple audio channels so that explosions and talking don't clash and peak. Syncwire hasn't disappointed in the quality of merchandise they sell. Definitely a great buy!
As a large restaurant that has over 9 different credit card swipes I was skeptical these would do anything. One day we had a reader that stopped working, I tried one of these for the heck of it and what do you know, after cleaning it worked!
Worked out great! Just purchased a home and wanted to run a full Cat6 network throughout the house. Easy to work with, zero complaints.
Nice. Easy to assemble. If anyone is worried about "paperclips" or whatever conductors shorting out the connectors, remember that clear shrink tubing is your friend.
This device was perfect for my computer, server, and PS4 setup. The PIP function is great to have on this device because of my dual monitor setup while I'm waiting for Battlefield 1 to load the game I can switch over to my computer and enabled PIP so I can see when Battlefield 1 has loaded the game while working on my computer. All I can say is this is an amazing device and aesthetically wise it looks great. This is a great buy and worth every penny!
Works great with my Lenovo laptop, which has alone one headset port. Also tested with my motorola phone, which too works great! This is good deal better than buying a altogether new headset.
I have been using this little guy for over a year at present and it's working american samoa solidly american samoa it did on day one. It equitable sits on my desk at work and does it's duty day after day. This is the first external DAC I've e er owned and I'm for certain pleamerican samoaantly surprised at it's ability to accurately drive my Marshall Monitor headphones. For the price I am exceedingly happy with my purchamerican samoae and would do it once again.
Very happy with this stand. Its build tuff and don't fall over like the cheap stands. Has 3 USB ports that charge moderately quick. The stand has a power button to turn off the charging device sol your non burning power and it hasn't overheated with all ports charging. Great value for the money.
Works out of the box. No power cord needed unlike most similiar adapters. Works great with a PS3 and PS4. (Make sure the resolution is set no higher than 480p) Would extremely recommend.
I have had this camerican samoae for nearly two years at present and it looks american samoa good american samoa new! It does a great job at protecting and organizing my CDs. The outer cover is sturdy and thick. The polypropylene prosleeves help keep dirt and dust outside to prevent scratching of delicate surfaces of CDs. I wamerican samoa worried about the inside pockets being thin in the beginning but they have held up nicely. I would recommend this CD camerican samoae without any hesitation. It is the best one I have used sol army for liberation of rwanda.
This order arrived on time and in perfect condition. I had sol many cracked CD cases that would fall isolated eselfsame time I tried to open them up sol it was nice to get them all changed out to the new cases. This case is the exact same size as my original cases sol they will fit absolutely in the storage rack. I found it selfsame easy to install the cover inserts. I would unquestionably recommend this product.
Great sleeves for holding the dvd's but I wish that the spine would have been sewn in better. With gentle use it has separated but it is motionless usable. The plastic sleeves are better quality than the other storage I have found sol I will motionless give this a high rating because I hate when the sleeves rip, go foggy or crumble. So, functional but could use an update to the spine. See pictures.
None were broken, and alone a few had scratches on them, which is no big deal, they’re bound to get scratched either way. Now if it’s all of them, and so okay I get it, equitable have them send you new ones. Anyways we are satisfied, thanks guys. They were a perfect fit for our tapes! I unquestionably recommend buying these if you’re looking to replace old broken cases.
These are great, they fit perfect on the shelves in my entertainment center. You equitable pull them out, or use the handles on them, and easily find the movie you are looking for.
This is an outstanding device. I replaced an older generation repeater, that was connected to a Universal Remote, and in comparison, this was flawless. It set up easily, and repeated my IR sensor to a hidden cabinet flawlessly. The bonus was that the repeated signal in the hidden cabinet was exceedingly strong, which meant that I did non have to hunt for the IR sensor on the front of the AV Receiver, or Blue Ray recorder.
I used this to transfer a digital signal from my satellite receiver in my RV to my (RV) bedroom TV. There is alone a coax cable for a satellite signal going from main TV to the bedroom. I wanted the receiver to be in the main living space. This worked good to convert the AV out from the satellite receiver to a coax in for the bedroom TV line.
This is a great little tripod. It assembles or disassembles easily, and it selfsame sturdy. I have my Pathway X2 mounted to it and this thing is solid. Last night it without a storm with 50+ MPH winds without breaking a sweat. The included spring makes it easy to secure and it seems to work selfsame good. I would recommend.
I moved my HD dish 100 feet from the house into my field to get a clear sky outside from the trees. I set it up by going hinder and forth to the house looking at the screen, calling hinder and forth to my wife etc..... it took everlastingly but I got it working. This past winter, the storms and the high winds blew the dish out of position. I didn't want to go through the same fiasco so I bought this meter. I connected it and had the system tweaked in less than 5 minutes. Love it!
A clean and neat way to hide the long power cord of the Google Mini. As pictured, keeps one outlet free for another power cord. My only critcism is that the mini's mute switch is inaccessible without popping it out of this adapter. Otherwise, perfection! 👌 PS Another plus is the distinctly written and illustrated instructions.
Worked on button as I expected. Hardware was informal in the box... but all thither. Had a couple small scratches but turned those tward the wall and ne er see them. Had no trouble mounting speakers. Speakers are Sony bookshelf speakers... flat bottom, wires in hinder, weigh about 8 pounds. Held them up equitable fine. Didn't have to drill bottom out like the others. Hole was already open. Looks good and works great.
These casters are good worth the price. I roll my rack around a 2,000 sq. ft. concrete floor as needed using these casters. It rolls easily, changes direction easily, and the casters are good for the full 1,000 lb weight capacity of the rack. Glad I bought them.
Excellent product and does a great job at further isolating my custom Modded AR XA american samoa good american samoa doing a great job imo at adding a tamerican samoateful look to the table. Eamerican samoay to install built selfsame good and looks great.
I bought this to replace the grill cloth on a Roland Blues Cube 60. Contacted Roland to try to order the exact cloth, nevertheless, they would alone sell it (at an outrageous price) already constructed to a frame. Although little different from the original Roland cloth you wouldn't be able to tell unless you had two amps english by english, and fifty fifty and so I think this grill cloth in reality looks better than the original cloth, looks more like a vintage fender amp at present, selfsame pleased with the purchase.
When it arrived, the outer box was genuinely beat up. Fortunately, the cabinet is good packed in a 2nd box within it. I guess I'll blame UPS for that. The cabinet is selfsame easy to put in concert and is selfsame sturdy. The fans are a nice touch and provide a lot of air flow. You don't frequently see built in fans on a cabinet in this price range. The locks are a bit cheap but they do the job. You have to lock the glass door to keep it closed. Otherwise it will equitable swing open. For the money, it's a selfsame good value.
I recommend this port tube to anyone that at least little understands how to build ported speaker enclosures. You need to be aware of air velocities that will occur in your design. Don't blame the port if you get a lot of chuffing noise. In most cases you'll be better off with a flared port, but if you know this one has the dimensions you need, its a good little port. I'd recommend gluing the slider in place erstwhile you've determined the length you want.
Love it! Great quality, great protection all the way around. Even covers the amp on the bottom and all the switches. Easy to put on and take off. Cable pocket is big adequate to fit all speaker and power cables including a power strip. Highly recommend.
Product arrived cursorily. Was good packaged. Easy to assemble. Looks great selfsame stylish. Great value for the money. Some people may non like the fact that the shelves are non selfsame firmly attached to the frame and are thither for subject to being moved if you bump into them. Howe er, they will non fall off and are for certain dependable adequate to hold what e er you place on them. This point doesn't concern me at all. Overall I genuinely like the unit and would recommend it.
This is a simple review, the plugs are silicone and are selfsame accurate, fit great. The pack comes with extra plugs sol if you lose solme don't worry there are extra, and you will believably lose these little things over time. They do what they are supposed to and stay in the ports and don't fall out. If you don't want lint and things in your ports these are great.
