Soooooo cute. I bought it for my daughter's 14th birthday and it's exactly what I remember those age cameras being. It's fun and she loves it. It's simple to use and adds a awkward quality to the photos. If you have any melanin, you'll need to be near up with flash or in good lighting. My kid and neice are almost washed out date to their colour coloring but we still enjoy the camera and am emotion with the purchase.
This is a good camera. Easy to use and take good pictures. The accessories are effective. However, the flash is not congenial with this camera (see alert). I read that this flash is not congenial with the camera. Therefore, they are sending accessories that are not congenial in a bundle which is not carnival. Other than the accessories, this is a good camera.
I am really enjoying my current iPad, and I’m so happy I paid a small additional for the additional storage (128GB) so I never again have to second-guess downloading something I really want date to space concerns, Also love the color - somewhere between Apple’s rose gold and rhythmical gold. I do a lot or reading on my device, and the light border is easier on my eyes for that.
Arrived when promised and fits perfect in a 2016 F250. Seems to be best quality and installed has a very tidy look. The design allows the factory 12 Volt Outlet cover to fully close while the adapter remains in place.
I was suprised with all the hardware this comes with. It came with component meter bolts for differ thread sizes for differ TV's. It comes with everything you need. As long as you mount it to a stud its not going anywhere.
For the price not disobedient. The field of view is somewhat restricted by the rubber white blocking cups. Somewhat uneasy if you are lying down. The noise level is pretty down with some headphones, certain as Bose Quiet Comfort models.
I run about 6 of these in my HiFi system and they are really hard cables. The physics build quality is good, connections are impermeable, and noise quality is good. The world of cables is ample of pseudo-science and promises of drastically improved A/V quality if you spend $80. Realistically, just buy these for $5 and you'll have the equal experience.
Does what it needs to do. I have a current Sony but an older receiver and it was causing issues with my channels. This allowed me to easily solve that problem. I had to drop it to 2.1 channel but from what I’ve read that has to do with the tv and it’s inside apps, not the wiring. Great product.
This is a high-quality RCA adapter cable. One of the best things about it is that it is designed to plug into a phone jack without having to remove the case. I would highly recommend this product to anyone and would buy it again if I needed another.
Good wire, best price, used for outdoor speakers which sound good. Empty spool made good pet toy!
This cable did make a important difference in richness. I had to adjust the levels to reduce the amount of bass. The cable that came with my subwoofer was lot thinner and provided what I thought was clean sound but this cable made a large difference. It was so important I was wondering what separate cables I should change. This was a good purchase! The gender things that could make this better would possibly be a direction angle plug.
This cable is one of the best I have ever used. The connectors are hard and well built. The cable runs from end to end wrapped in a elastic nylon mesh that is smooth to the touch and protects the cable very well. It is actually is a good value for what you get.
I never knew what these cables were best for until I actually got one and I recommend anyone and everyone who enjoys superior quality audible to get this. Unlike RCA cables, optics cables allow for component audible channels so that explosions and talking don't clash and peak. Syncwire hasn't disappointed in the quality of merchandise they sell. Definitely a good buy!
As a big restaurant that has over 9 differ credit card swipes I was doubt these would do anything. One day we had a reader that stopped working, I tried one of these for the heck of it and what do you know, after cleaning it worked!
I purchased this one because it added a ability hdmi cable to use. This brought the device out further for me to attach to the wall mount directly behind the tv. I was worried that the hdmi outlet would grow week because every time we wanted to watch either cable or the fire stick we would have to unplug one or the separate. This allows us just to push a button everything stays plugged in. Very cold idea.
Nice. Easy to assemble. If anyone is worried about "paperclips" or whatever conductors shorting out the connectors, remember that transparent shrink tubing is your friend.
This device was exact for my computer, server, and PS4 setup. The PIP function is good to have on this device because of my two monitor setup while I'm waiting for Battlefield 1 to load the game I can switch over to my computer and enabled PIP so I can see when Battlefield 1 has loaded the game while working on my computer. All I can say is this is an amazement device and aesthetically wise it looks good. This is a good buy and value every penny!
Works good with my Lenovo laptop, which has only one headset port. Also tested with my motorola phone, which also works good! This is much better than buying a totally current headset.
I have been using this small guy for over a year now and it's working as solidly as it did on day one. It just sits on my desk at work and does it's obligation day after day. This is the second outside DAC I've ever owned and I'm certainly pleasantly surprised at it's ability to appropriately drive my Marshall Monitor headphones. For the price I am extremely emotion with my purchase and would do it again.
A exact replacement for my Bose QC35 cable which broke the second time during use. The quality is superior on this cable, and it does take up a little more room in the headphone case, but definitely worth it.
Very emotion with this stand. Its construct tuff and don't fall over like the chapman stands. Has 3 USB ports that charge pretty fast. The stand has a power button to turn off the charging device so your not burning power and it hasn't overheated with all ports charging. Great value for the money.
I have had this case for almost two years now and it looks as best as current! It does a good job at protecting and organizing my CDs. The outer cover is firm and fat. The polypropylene prosleeves help keep dirt and dust away to prevent scratching of breakable surfaces of CDs. I was worried about the internal pockets being ectomorphic in the beginning but they have held up nicely. I would recommend this CD case without any hesitation. It is the best one I have used so far.
This order arrived on time and in accurate condition. I had so lot broken CD cases that would fall apart every time I tried to open them up so it was pleasant to get them all changed out to the current cases. This case is the accurate equal size as my creative cases so they will fit accurately in the storage rack. I found it very simple to install the cover inserts. I would definitely recommend this product.
Great sleeves for holding the dvd's but I wish that the spine would have been sewn in better. With soft use it has separated but it is still use. The creative sleeves are better quality than the separate storage I have found so I will still give this a superior rating because I hate when the sleeves rip, go fog or british. So, serviceable but could use an update to the spine. See pictures.
None were damaged, and only a little had scratches on them, which is no large deal, they’re bound to get scratched either way. Now if it’s all of them, then okay I get it, just have them send you current ones. Anyways we are satisfaction, thanks guys. They were a exact fit for our tapes! I definitely recommend buying these if you’re looking to replace age damaged cases.
These are good, they fit exact on the shelves in my entertainment center. You just pull them out, or use the handles on them, and easily find the movie you are looking for.
This is an stand out device. I replaced an older generation repeater, that was connected to a Universal Remote, and in comparison, this was flawless. It set up easily, and do my IR sensor to a invisible cabinet flawlessly. The bonus was that the do signal in the invisible cabinet was extremely powerful, which meant that I did not have to hunt for the IR sensor on the front of the AV Receiver, or Blue Ray recorder.
I used this to transfer a digit signal from my apparatus receiver in my RV to my (RV) bedroom TV. There is only a coax cable for a apparatus signal going from street TV to the bedroom. I wanted the receiver to be in the street living space. This worked well to convert the AV out from the apparatus receiver to a coax in for the bedroom TV line.
This is a good small tripod. It assembles or disassembles easily, and it very firm. I have my Pathway X2 mounted to it and this thing is hard. Last night it without a storm with 50+ MPH winds without breaking a sweat. The include spring makes it simple to secure and it seems to work very well. I would recommend.
A tidy and tidy way to hide the length power cord of the Google Mini. As picture, keeps one outlet free for another power cord. My gender critcism is that the mini's mute switch is access without popping it out of this adapter. Otherwise, perfection! 👌 PS Another plus is the clearly written and illustrated instructions.
These casters are well worth the price. I roll my rack around a 2,000 sq. ft. practical floor as needed using these casters. It rolls easily, changes direction easily, and the casters are best for the ample 1,000 leg bye weight capacity of the rack. Glad I bought them.
Excellent product and does a good job at distance isolating my custom Modded AR XA as well as doing a good job imo at adding a elegant look to the table. Easy to install muscular very well and looks good.
I bought this to replace the grill cloth on a Roland Blues Cube 60. Contacted Roland to try to order the accurate cloth, however, they would only sell it (at an affront price) already constructed to a frame. Although slightly differ from the creative Roland cloth you wouldn't be ability to tell unless you had two amps side by side, and even then I think this grill cloth actually looks better than the creative cloth, looks more like a vintage fender amp now, very contented with the purchase.
I purchased these for a amount cabinet I made. I ectomorphick these are pretty good. They are ectomorphic so I can see them denting if you abused them. Mine are for transport and keeping my wires neat. Don't bother with ordering the screws for them (would be pleasant if they where included anyway), I use sour wall screws. Defiantly getting another pair for a another cabinet.
When it arrived, the outer box was really music up. Fortunately, the cabinet is well packed in a 2nd box within it. I guess I'll blame UPS for that. The cabinet is very simple to put together and is very firm. The fans are a pleasant touch and provide a lot of air flow. You don't often see built in fans on a cabinet in this price range. The locks are a bit chapman but they do the job. You have to lock the glass door to keep it closed. Otherwise it will just swing open. For the money, it's a very best value.
I recommend this port tube to anyone that at least slightly understands how to build gate speaker enclosures. You need to be beware of air velocities that will occur in your design. Don't blame the port if you get a lot of chuffing noise. In most cases you'll be better off with a flared port, but if you know this one has the dimensions you need, its a best small port. I'd recommend gluing the slider in place once you've determined the length you want.
Love it! Great quality, good protection all the way around. Even covers the amp on the bottom and all the switches. Easy to put on and take off. Cable pocket is large enough to fit all speaker and power cables including a power strip. Highly recommend.
Product arrived quickly. Was well packaged. Easy to assemble. Looks good very chic. Great value for the money. Some people may not like the fact that the shelves are not very securely attached to the frame and are there for subject to being moved if you bump into them. However, they will not fall off and are certainly secure enough to hold what ever you place on them. This point doesn't concern me at all. Overall I really like the unit and would recommend it.
