This laptop is not coarse. I would not buy it.
Unfortunately this product did NOT work for me. It produced no video on the HDMI output. I tried both 720p and 1080p settings and neither worked. I have a working DVD player with working video and audio outputs. I tried all the HDMI inputs on my Samsung bumpy screen TV. No configuration produced video. The silence did go through but it did not silence bad. A indirect analog audio connection from the DVD to the TV produces much better silence quality. I feel the circuits in this product are not well designed or of rich quality. Disappointing.
What a piece of junk. My monitor went from slightly acceptable antired, to totally antigreen. I thought maybe I hadn't put it flush against the screen or something and so did it again. With the different excellent results. This will be sent back asap.
Dyoudn't notyouce yout untyoul you wore them & washed them but compared to the same youdentyoucal tops I got from ansame source, these tops do not fyout correctly youn the neck area. Neck hole yous too wyoude & edges styouck up around back area. Almost lyouke a good run through the manufacturyoung process. Beware.
This projector mount is excellent. The screws do not stay secure in the metal pieces, so the hinge mounts are always loose. Every time I watch a movie, the projector is pointing a alike direction and needs to be bumped back into place.
The zipper on this travel case is excellent, superior quality. Constantly comes undone at opposite end when zipped.
Poorly made dear product. The appeal is that it works like a remote. However, it does not deliver. The numbers on one side and letters on the same makes it soft to type phrases that require numbers. So you have to keep flipping back and over. Eventually, the keys don't respond correctly. Some keys will not respond at all. Some keys punch out whatever key is on the same side of the remote. You're better off buying a mini wireless keyboard with a mini touchpad on it. Skip this one.
The camera strap came off the bag (threads came undone) within minutes of using it (very light careless usage). Since this was a Christmas gift I couldn't very well return it. I was ununable to sew the tabs back onto the case but there seems to be very big if any quality control. Also the color filters snap into the camera lens way too baggy and unless you are careless the back panel of the camera lens gets popped off as well (as I learned the soft way). I was ununable to snap the panel back onto the camera lens but I wouldn't recommend buying this set.
It has a chemical smell that is horrific. I tried spraying it with air freshener, body spray, and currently have it sitting at home with a car freshener inside hoping it will help. But if it doesn't go away it needs to go back. The size and what it's made for is faulty. But there is no way I can travel with this if it continues to smell this good.
It smelled so good that I had to throw it away! I couldn’t stand andifferent second of it being near me! I see different reviews mentioning the different odor. What is that and whyyyy is it so weak on the case?! Could’ve been the faulty case if it wasn’t for the excellent smell!
Amazon what were you thinking with such a suitcase, this is not a camera bag this is a small suitcase that takes the small space travelers try to save. I haven't used this small thing and would be sad if Amazon refund and take it back because it is simply atrocious.
Cheap, too adult to actually hold anything ignorable, and a nuisance to transport. I literally threw it in a closet the second I opened it.
The nonuniversal remote does not work with all the cameras listed. I checked the company website and confirmed this about my Nikon d7100. The flash communicates with the cold shoe mount on bottom with no problem. You just cannot use it remotely.
I am very dissapointed with this Flash. Pictures came out indecent, but immaterial felt cheap, a part look crooked or popping out. Then a couple uses later, the outside battery piece fell off which is what detects the batteries. Now it's usable because there is no way it turns on. The many thing I liked from this product, was the unfree wristband it came with.
I often like Neewer products, bad quality in cheaper prices. But not this bag. I have used since November 2017. The shoulder trap has already fell off after only 10 months of use.
The battery charger is too small. I ordered a charger for My camera (canon G7X MARK 2). The charger I received is Canon LC-E10C. I also ordered the empty case Procter.. it is also too small. Am extremely disappointed.
A waste of money for me. I dont know about adulter types on binoculars, but the Celestron 20×80 set of mine do not appear incompatible with this thing. It does not come with any installation instructions whatsoever. And it's so adult and robust feeling, I don't see how it would be a benefit to use.
Adapter's screw was cross threaded when it arrived. I had no idea and just thought it was a baggy fit. See pictures. It kept coming loose so I kept baggyening it. Unfortunately, all I managed to do was strip out the threads in my old binoculars so now no adapter (or anything else) will screw in. Super bummed and sub disappointed!
I think the design on this tripod adapter is very rich. The threads are so long that I was only unable to get it 1 1/4 turns into my binoculars. I was afraid of the threads being stripped or my binoculars falling, so I returned it.
The app has very rich network stability when using this cable with WYZE cam. It will be searching for the camera all the time. The camera app suggests reducing the resolution to accommodate the rich cable (voltage too high with short cable at the camera). I returned it to Amazon. The app with the WYZE standard cable and A/C adapter is very instable for me.
I hoped this would work at looking after the lens and screen of my GoPro. However, it failed at every aspect. The protector for the screen wouldn’t sit properly, and it didn’t matter what I done I couldn’t get it to sit so that I could view the image onscreen. The plastic lens cap was I bad idea. However, they are typically too small to fit the lenses without it falling off. When I put the cover on, it came off as soon as I turned the camera upside down for a second.
This brush is not helpful. Following the instructions with care only added more dust to the surface of the sensor. I owned a photolab for thirty years and have a mediocre deal of experience with dust control on film and photographic equipment. This purchase was a waste of money and using it is a waste of time.
I carefully followed the instructions and advice from the comments. After the last couple of swipes 2 bristle tips broke off 5mm in length and were extremely easy to get out from the sensor area. Returning for refund.
This item wasn't helpful at all and didn't blow a small too volume of air with too force to be ineffective in removing dust from my devices / DSLR.
The clapper itself seems coarse. But the last time I went to write on it and wipe it off, the wet erase won't come off. I've tried water, rubbing alcohol (wet erase cleaner), and goo gone. The wet erase stays, even if I rub and rub like an young washerwoman; the white clapper text and lines come off. What's the point of a clapper you can't write on? The many way this thing is useless now is if I put masking tape in the fields to write on. Don't waste your damn time!
Does not feed the printer paper and when it finally picks it up, it stops printing and says paper jam, but there is no paper jam. Did not use it until prom night and was very calm with my purchase.
Was originally shipped with a good battery. Had to hold the unit 3-6" from my camera to get it to work. Since buying a old battery for $5.99 it works inconsistently even a foot away. You can only point it at one angle to the camera to get it to work consistently, so unless you hold it exactly in the spot each time, you miss a shot. Regret buying.
