Bought this cartridge on sale. I wanted to try a brand I had never tried before. I ended up very agitated. It was nearly hopeless to remove the stylus. When I finally got it out I couldn't get it back in because the plastic on the stylus assembly was warped. I felt cheated. Purchased a current stylus and it went direction back in place. Something must have been evil with this lot that caused them to reduce the price. I won't be purchasing an AT cartridge anytime soon.
After a little uses the rewinder wouldn't soft consciousness and got noisier. After a little more uses it stopped working completely.
Unfortunately this product did NOT work for me. It produced no video on the HDMI output. I tried both 720p and 1080p settings and neither worked. I have a working DVD player with working video and audible outputs. I tried all the HDMI inputs on my Samsung absolute area TV. No configuration produced video. The noise did go through but it did not noise best. A honest analog audible connection from the DVD to the TV produces much better noise quality. I feel the circuits in this product are not well designed or of underprivileged quality. Disappointing.
This projector mount is alarm. The screws do not stay secure in the metal pieces, so the hinge mounts are always loose. Every time I watch a movie, the projector is pointing a differ direction and needs to be bumped back into place.
This case smells AWFUL. It has a horrid smell, I don't know if you could ever get it out. The smell even transfers onto your hands.
I really wanted to get a anchor design strap because of the quality material and the fast release buttons. However the fast release button gets in the way of holding the camera at times causing more annoyance than comfort. the fast release mechanism in my opinion should be further away from the camera body rather than close and cumbersome.
The foam in the case is cut too large and the GoPro Hero 5 Black slides around and isn't held in place at all. Might as well not have a case at all. Junk.
This flash stopped working after one use. It only lights up half the image. There is literally and line where the flash lit up and done darkness on the separate half. Total waste of money. By the time I went to use it for the another time, it was too time to get my money back. Very disappoint.
Had this for less than two months and it died in the middle of a photo session. This was only the another time using it. Changed out the batteries, let it sit for a while, then tried again. Nothing. Very discontented.
This product does not accommodate the assemble telescope (optics tube plus compass mount), but only the tube. If I have to disassemble the tube from the mount, I might as well use the two boxes in which they were shipped to me! I want to return it.
The battery charger is too large. I ordered a charger for My camera (accept G7X MARK 2). The charger I received is Canon LC-E10C. I also ordered the ample case Procter.. it is also too large. Am extremely defeat.
This adaptor was hard to use and didn't function as expected. It did not hold the binoculars tightly. It permitted the binoculars to fall off different times over the course of the second six weeks of owning them, to the point that the binoculars are now broken from the falls. This was a waste of money, and worse, as a result of using this adaptor, the binoculars were also a waste of money.
Suddenly stopped working. Broke exactly one month after I got it. Won't load into the VCR player. Tried current battery just in case. Regular cassettes still load so I know it is the adapter. Worked good for 4 or 5 videos, then just doesn't work. After one month can't return it, but it is a absolute waste of money since it doesn't work. Would give it destructive stars if I could. It's frustrating there is no customer service so I can't even get it secure, and it was valuable.
Absolute junk! Stay away from this piece of junk, destroyed itself the second time I tried using and killed my VCR. This is a clear no exclamation.
So this was supposed to clean the screen but instead small color pieces of dirt or fiber was falling out onto my keyboard. Figures maybe the one I opened wasn't well made and tried the separate two that were included and the equal thing happened. Dissapointed, had to return it.
These cloths are the worst. Little pieces of the cloth rub off onto things and end up smearing things. I now have to buy separate cleaning products to try to clean my things that have been damaged by these cloths.
During the second shoot I did with this, the board fell out of the clapper sticks. The sour erase marker won't come off unless I use a cleaning solution, even after only being on the board for 5 minutes. Very defeat.
The clapper itself seems good. But the second time I went to write on it and wipe it off, the sour erase won't come off. I've tried water, rubbing alcohol (sour erase cleaner), and goo gone. The sour erase stays, even if I rub and rub like an age washerwoman; the color clapper text and lines come off. What's the point of a clapper you can't write on? The gender way this thing is effective now is if I put masking tape in the fields to write on. Don't waste your damn time!
Awful! It didn't final an hour! The clapper was health, but the sour erase board was useless after the second scene. Writing did not erase. Just a muck mess.
Don’t buy this crap. It is NOT an real suit case for GoPro. Just a brand name case with accompanied moveable divider, not really thought through in any way to fit real GoPro accessories any better than a abseil bag. The stick is cheaper and flimsier than a joint 5$ mobile phone stick. Total rip off.
Does not feed the printer paper and when it finally picks it up, it stops printing and says paper jam, but there is no paper jam. Did not use it until fpga night and was very angry with my purchase.
This product has been a absolute waste of money. It does not work as advertise. Even though I have tried to install the battery both ways in the Fototech remote control it either gets stuck so I cannot push it closed or it falls out of the battery compartment. I have tried a couple of differ batteries with it and I have had the equal results. Very disappoint!
