Bought this cartridge on sale. I wanted to try a brand I had ne er tried before. I ended up selfsame frustrated. It was almost impossible to remove the stylus. When I at last got it out I couldn't get it hinder in because the plastic on the stylus assembly was warped. I felt cheated. Purchased a new stylus and it went right hinder in place. Something must have been wrong with this lot that caused them to reduce the price. I won't be purchasing an AT cartridge anytime before long.
It refuses to do its job. I put the tape into the machine and all that the machine did was make noise. A tremendous waste of money.
After a few uses the rewinder wouldn't soft eject and got noisier. After a few more uses it stopped working altogether.
All I got was a blue screen. This thing did non work at all. Huge disappointment. I guess I won’t be able to play N64 games afterall.
What a piece of junk. My monitor went from little unacceptable red, to altogether green. I thought peradventure I hadn't put it flush once against the screen or solmething and sol did it once again. With the same terrible results. This will be sent hinder asap.
The zipper on this travel case is terrible, inferior quality. Constantly comes undone at opposite end when zipped.
Poorly made cheap product. The appeal is that it works like a remote. However, it does non deliver. The numbers on one side and letters on the other makes it hard to type phrases that require numbers. So you have to keep flipping hinder and terminated. Eventually, the keys don't respond correctly. Some keys will non respond at all. Some keys punch out whatsoever key is on the other side of the remote. You're better off buying a mini wireless keyboard with a mini touchpad on it. Skip this one.
It has a chemical smell that is horrific. I tried spraying it with air freshener, body spray, and currently have it sitting at home with a car freshener inside hoping it will help. But if it doesn't go away it needs to go hinder. The size and what it's made for is perfect. But there is no way I can travel with this if it continues to smell this bad.
This case smells AWFUL. It has a horrid smell, I don't know if you could e er get it out. The smell fifty fifty transfers onto your hands.
It smelled soll bad that I had to throw it outside! I couldn’t stand another second of it being near me! I see other reviews mentioning the same odor. What is that and whyyyy is it soll strong on the case?! Could’ve been the perfect case if it wasn’t for the terrible smell!
I genuinely wanted to get a peak design strap because of the quality material and the quick release buttons. However the quick release button gets in the way of holding the camera at times causing more annoyance than comfort. the quick release mechanism in my opinion should be farther outside from the camera body instead than airless and cumbersome.
Amazon what were you thinking with such a suitcase, this is non a camera bag this is a large suitcase that takes the little space travelers try to save. I haven't used this big thing and would be happy if Amazon refund and take it hinder because it is merely atrocious.
Cheap, excessively small to in reality hold anything important, and a nuisance to transport. I literally threw it in a closet the second I opened it.
The universal remote does non work with all the cameras listed. I checked the company website and confirmed this about my Nikon d7100. The flash communicates with the hot shoe mount on top with no problem. You equitable cannon use it remotely.
I am selfsame dissapointed with this Flash. Pictures came out decent, but material felt cheap, a part look crooked or popping out. Then a couple uses late, the inside battery piece fell off which is what detects the batteries. Now it's unusable because there is no way it turns on. The only thing I liked from this product, was the free wristband it came with.
This flash stopped working after one use. It alone lights astir half the image. There is literally and line where the flash lit astir and complete darkness on the other half. Total waste of money. By the time I went to use it for the second time, it was excessively late to get my money hinder. Very disappointing.
This product does non accommodate the american samoasembled telescope (optics tube plus gimbal mount), but alone the tube. If I have to disamerican samoasemble the tube from the mount, I might american samoa good use the two boxes in which they were shipped to me! I want to return it.
The battery charger is excessively big. I ordered a charger for My camera (canon G7X MARK 2). The charger I received is Canon LC-E10C. I excessively ordered the full case Procter.. it is excessively excessively big. Am exceedingly disappointed.
This adaptor was difficult to use and didn't function as expected. It did non hold the binoculars tightly. It permitted the binoculars to fall off several times over the course of the first six weeks of owning them, to the point that the binoculars are at present broken from the falls. This was a waste of money, and worse, as a result of using this adaptor, the binoculars were too a waste of money.
A waste of money for me. I dont know about smaller types on binoculars, but the Celestron 20×80 set of mine do non appear compatible with this thing. It does non come with any installation instructions at all. And it's sol small and flimsy feeling, I don't see how it would be a benefit to use.
I think the design on this tripod adapter is selfsame poor. The threads are soll short that I was alone able to get it 1 1/4 turns into my binoculars. I was afraid of the threads being stripped or my binoculars falling, soll I returned it.
Suddenly stopped working. Broke on button one month after I got it. Won't burden into the VCR player. Tried new battery equitable in case. Regular cassettes motionless burden soll I know it is the adapter. Worked fine for 4 or 5 videos, and sol equitable doesn't work. After one month can't return it, but it is a total waste of money since it doesn't work. Would give it negative stars if I could. It's frustrating there is no customer service soll I can't fifty fifty get it fixed, and it was expensive.
Absolute junk! Stay outside from this piece of junk, destroyed itself the first time I tried using and killed my VCR. This is a definite no exclamation.
The app has selfsame poor network stability when using this cable with WYZE cam. It will be searching for the camera all the time. The camera app suggests reducing the resolution to accommodate the poor cable (voltage excessively low with long cable at the camera). I returned it to Amazon. The app with the WYZE standard cable and A/C adapter is selfsame stable for me.
I cautiously followed the instructions and advice from the comments. After the first couple of swipes 2 bristle tips broke off 5mm in length and were exceedingly difficult to get out from the sensor area. Returning for refund.
I completely would non buy this product erstwhile again, the alone good thing that came from it was the blower and the lenspen. I tried cleaning my camera erstwhile with this and the bristles from the brush came turned in my camera and at present they will non go outside, they are stuck inside of the viewfinder and its annoying as hell. This doesn't get your camera clean if anything it's dirtier than any time before. Horrible product do non purchase.
So this was supposed to clean the screen but alternatively little black pieces of dirt or fiber was falling out onto my keyboard. Figures peradventure the one I opened wasn't good made and tried the other two that were included and the same thing happened. Dissapointed, had to return it.
These cloths are the worst. Little pieces of the cloth rub off onto things and end up smearing things. I at present have to buy other cleaning products to try to clean my things that have been damaged by these cloths.
This item wasn't helpful at all and didn't blow a large enough volume of air with enough force to be effective in removing dust from my devices / DSLR.
The clapper itself seems fine. But the first time I went to write on it and wipe it turned, the dry erase won't come turned. I've tried water, rubbing alcohol (dry erase cleaner), and goo gone. The dry erase stays, fifty fifty if I rub and rub like an old washerwoman; the black clapper text and lines come turned. What's the point of a clapper you can't write on? The only way this thing is useful at present is if I put masking tape in the fields to write on. Don't waste your damn time!
I wouldn't recommend buying this for anything other than hanging on the wall. The one I ordered broke in less than 12 hours - the white acrylic snapped near the top left equitable below the sticks. May have already had a hairline crack due to shipping but I can't be sure. I superglued it back in concert for the time being and I'm debating if it's worth the money or effort to reinforce the back of the slate vs buying one of better quality.
Don’t buy this crap. It is NOT an actual suited case for GoPro. Just a generic case with single moveable divider, non genuinely thought through in any way to fit actual GoPro accessories any better than a sling bag. The stick is cheaper and flimsier than a common 5$ selfie stick. Total rip off.
Does non feed the printer paper and when it at last picks it up, it stops printing and says paper jam, but there is no paper jam. Did non use it until prom night and was selfsame upset with my purchase.
Was at first shipped with a bad battery. Had to hold the unit 3-6" from my camera to get it to work. Since buying a new battery for $5.99 it works insystematically fifty fifty a foot outside. You can alone point it at one angle to the camera to get it to work systematically, sol unless you hold it on button in the spot each time, you miss a shot. Regret buying.
This product has been a total waste of money. It does non work as advertised. Even though I have tried to install the battery both ways in the Fototech remote control it either gets stuck so I cannon push it closed or it falls out of the battery compartment. I have tried a couple of different batteries with it and I have had the same results. Very disappointing!
