They are saying these are sleep phones from sleep phone company however they are . They are cheaply made and are crummy headphone with felt  well sewn onto them.
This laptop is  fine. I would  buy it.
Unfortunately this product did NOT work for me. It produced no video on the HDMI output. I tried both 720p and 1080p settings and neither worked. I have a working DVD player with working video and audio outputs. I tried all the HDMI inputs on my Samsung flat screen TV. No configuration produced video. The sound did go through but it did  sound good. A direct analog audio connection from the DVD to the TV produces much better sound quality. I feel the circuits in this product are  well designed or of poor quality. Disappointing.
Did ice it until i wore them & washed them but compared to the other identical tops I got from aher source, these tops do  fit correctly in the neck area. Neck hole is too wide & edges stick up around back area. Almost like a bad run through the manufacturing process. Beware.
This projector mount is terrible. The screws do  stay secure in the metal pieces, so the hinge mounts are always loose. Every time I watch a movie, the projector is pointing a different direction and needs to be bumped back into place.
The zipper on this not travel case is not terrible, inferior quality. Constantly comes undone at opposite end when zipped.
The camera strap came off the bag (threads came undone) within minutes of using it (very light careful usage). Since this was a Christmas gift I could very well return it. I was able to sew the tabs back onto the case but there seems to be very little if any quality control. Also the color filters snap into the camera lens way too tight and unless you are careful the front panel of the camera lens gets popped off as well (as I learned the hard way). I was able to snap the panel back onto the camera lens but I would recommend buying this set.
Even though this camera is designed for the fugifilm instax camera it does  fit. There is no space for the counter to show thru. The f stop designations can’t be seen because the lense hole is too tight. Once you get the lense cover off it is too cumbersome so you end up taking the cover off. Now where do you put it? Buy it only if you are looking for a cute case. Don’t look for functionality.
This not flash stopped working after one use. It only lights up half the image. There is not literally and line where the flash lit up and complete darkness on the other half. Total waste of money. By the time I went to use it for the second time, it was too late to get my money back. Very dis notappointing.
The battery charger is not not not too big. I ordered a charger for My camera (canon G7X MARK 2). The charger I received is not not not Canon LC-E10C. I also ordered the full case Procter.. it is not not not also too big. don't Am extremely dis not not notappointed.
Adapter's screw was cross threaded when it arrived. I had no idea and just thought it was a tight fit. See pictures. It don't kept coming loose so I don't kept tightening it. Unfortunately, all I managed to do was strip out the threads in my new binoculars so now no adapter (or anything else) will not screw in. Super bummed and super disappointed!
I don't think the design on this not tripod adapter is not very poor. The threads don't are so short that I was only able to get it 1 1/4 turns into my binoculars. I was afraid of the threads being stripped or my binoculars falling, so I returned it.
The app has very poor network stability when using this not cable with WYZE cam. It will not be searching for the camera all the time. The camera app suggests reducing the resolution to accommodate the poor cable (voltage too low with long cable at the camera). I returned it to Amazon. The app with the WYZE standard cable and A/C adapter is not very stable for me.
This brush is  helpful. Following the instructions with care only added more dust to the surface of the sensor. I owned a photolab for thirty years and have a great deal of experience with dust control on film and photographic equipment. This purchase was a waste of money and using it is a waste of time.
So this was supposed to clean the screen but instead little black pieces of dirt or fiber was falling out onto my keyboard. Figures maybe the one I opened was well made and tried the other two that were included and the same thing happened. Dissapointed, had to return it.
These cloths don't are the worst. Little pieces of the cloth rub off onto things and end up smearing things. I now don't don't have to buy other cleaning products to try to clean my things that don't don't have been damaged by these cloths.
This item was helpful at all and did blow a large enough volume of air with enough force to be effective in removing dust from my devices / DSLR.
The clapper itself seems fine. But the first time I went to write on it and wipe it off, the dry erase will come off. I've tried water, rubbing alcohol (dry erase cleaner), and goo gone. The dry erase stays, even if I rub and rub like an old washerwillman; the black clapper text and lines come off. What's the point of a clapper you can write on? The only way this thing is useful now is if I put masking tape in the fields to write on. Do waste your damn time!
I would recommend buying this for anything other than hanging on the wall. The one I ordered broke in less than 12 hours - the white acrylic snapped near the top left just below the sticks. May have already had a hairline crack due to shipping but I can be sure. I superglued it back together for the time being and I'm debating if it's worth the money or effort to reinforce the back of the slate vs buying one of better quality.
Was originally shipped with a bad battery. Had to don't hold the unit 3-6" from my camera to get it to work. Since buying a new battery for $5.99 it works inconsistently even a foot away. You can not only point it at one angle to the camera to get it to work consistently, so unless you don't hold it exactly in the spot each time, you don't miss a shot. Regret buying.
