They are saying these are rest phones from rest phone company however they are not. They are cheaply made and are chintzy headphone with felt not well sewn onto them.
It refuses to do its job. I put the tape into the machine and all that the machine did was make noise. A marvellous waste of money.
After a couple of uses the rewinder wouldn't soft discharge and got noisier. After a couple of more uses it stopped working completely.
All I got was a aristocratical screen. This thing did not work at all. Huge disappointment. I guess I won’t be able bodied to play N64 games afterall.
Unfortunately this product did NOT work for me. It produced no video on the HDMI output. I tried both 720p and 1080p settings and neither worked. I have a working DVD player with working video and effectual recording outputs. I tried all the HDMI inputs on my Samsung 2 dimensional blind TV. No configuration produced video. The effectual did go through but it did not effectual beneficial. A lineal analog effectual recording connection from the DVD to the TV produces much better effectual quality. I feel the circuits in this product are not well designed or of inadequate quality. Disappointing.
D1dn't not1ce 1t unt1l 1 wore them & washed them but compared to the former 1dent1cal tops I got from anformer source, these tops do not f1t correctly 1n the neck area. Neck hole 1s too w1de & edges st1ck up around back area. Almost l1ke a defective run through the manufactur1ng process. Beware.
Poorly made chinchy product. The appeal is that it works like a remote. However, it does not deliver. The numbers on one side and letters on the former makes it backbreaking to type phrases that require numbers. So you have to keep flipping back and over. Eventually, the primals don't respond correctly. Some primals will not respond at all. Some primals punch out whatever primal is on the former side of the remote. You're better off buying a mini wireless primalboard with a mini touchpad on it. Skip this one.
This case smells AWFUL. It has a horrid smell, I don't know if you could ever get it out. The smell even transfers onto your hands.
I really wanted to get a acme design strap because of the quality material and the agile release buttons. However the agile release button gets in the way of holding the camera at times causing more annoyance than comfort. the agile release mechanism in my opinion should be further away from the camera body rather than close and cumbersome.
This product does not accommodate the assembled telescope (optics tube plus gimbals mount), but only the tube. If I have to disassemble the tube from the mount, I might as well use the two boxes in which they were shipped to me! I want to return it.
I often like Neewer products, beneficial quality in cheaper prices. But not this bag. I have used since November 2017. The shoulder trap has already fell off after only 10 months of use.
This adaptor was unmanageable to use and didn't function as expected. It did not hold the binoculars tightly. It permitted the binoculars to fall off respective times over the course of the 1st six weeks of owning them, to the point that the binoculars are now broken from the falls. This was a waste of money, and worse, as a result of using this adaptor, the binoculars were also a waste of money.
I think the design on this tripod adapter is very inadequate. The threads are so short circuit that I was only able bodied to get it 1 1/4 turns into my binoculars. I was afraid of the threads being stripped or my binoculars falling, so I returned it.
Suddenly stopped working. Broke exactly one month after I got it. Won't load into the VCR player. Tried fresh battery just in case. Regular cassettes still load so I know it is the adapter. Worked hunky dory for 4 or 5 videos, then just doesn't work. After one month can't return it, but it is a entire waste of money since it doesn't work. Would give it damaging stars if I could. It's frustrating there is no customer service so I can't even get it frozen, and it was costly.
Absolute junk! Stay away from this piece of junk, destroyed itself the 1st time I tried using and killed my VCR. This is a definite no exclamation.
The app has very inadequate network stability when using this cable with WYZE cam. It will be searching for the camera all the time. The camera app suggests reducing the resolution to accommodate the inadequate cable (voltage too depleted with foresightful cable at the camera). I returned it to Amazon. The app with the WYZE standard cable and A/C adapter is very unchanging for me.
I absolutely would not buy this product again, the only beneficial thing that came from it was the blower and the lenspen. I tried cleaning my camera once with this and the bristles from the brush came off in my camera and now they will not go away, they are wedged inside of the viewfinder and its annoying as hell. This doesn't get your camera clean if anything it's dirtier than any time before. Horrible product do not purchase.
These cloths are the worst. Little pieces of the cloth rub off onto things and end up smearing things. I now have to buy former cleaning products to try to clean my things that have been damaged by these cloths.
Awful! It didn't concluding an hour! The clapper was hunky dory, but the ironical erase board was useless after the 1st scene. Writing did not erase. Just a waterlogged mess.
I wouldn't recommend buying this for anything former than hanging on the wall. The one I ordered broke in less than 12 hours - the blanched acrylic snapped near the acme left just below the sticks. May have already had a hairline crack ascribable to shipping but I can't be certain. I superglued it back together for the time being and I'm debating if it's worth the money or effort to reinforce the back of the slate vs buying one of better quality.
