Soooooo cute. I bought it for my daughter's 14th birthday and it's exactly what I remember those old cameras being. It's fun and she loves it. It's easy to use and adds a quirky quality to the photos. If you have any melanin, you'll need to be close up with flash or in great lighting. My kid and neice are almost washed out due to their brown coloring but we still enjoy the camera and am happy with the purchase.
This is a great camera. Easy to use and take great pictures. The accessories are useful. However, the flash is not compatible with this camera (see alert). I read that this flash is not compatible with the camera. Therefore, they are sending accessories that are not compatible in a bundle which is not fair. Other than the accessories, this is a great camera.
If you are looking for a great entry level camera and kit for photography look no further! They say that a picture can speak a thousand words. I will let the pictures do just that.
I am really enjoying my new iPad, and I’m so glad I paid a little extra for the extra storage (128GB) so I never again have to second-guess downloading something I really want due to space concerns, Also love the color - somewhere between Apple’s rose gold and regular gold. I do a lot or reading on my device, and the white border is easier on my eyes for that.
This might be the smartest device I have. It is the perfect size for my car, was easy to assemble and keeps my iPhone 7 in plain view. The instructions for fitting the device came ahead of time which made the entire experience a pleasure.
Arrived when promised and fits perfect in a 2016 F250. Seems to be good quality and installed has a very clean look. The design allows the factory 12 Volt Outlet cover to fully close while the adapter remains in place.
I was suprised with all the hardware this comes with. It came with multiple metric bolts for different thread sizes for different TV's. It comes with everything you need. As long as you mount it to a stud its not going anywhere.
For the price not bad. The field of view is somewhat restricted by the rubber light blocking cups. Somewhat uncomfortable if you are lying down. The sound level is pretty low with some headphones, such as Bose Quiet Comfort models.
I LOVE my new antenna! I recently cancelled my cable due to my household being reduced to a one-income household and not being able to afford monthly cable bills. The picture is perfectly clear and I get the local stations. This is perfect and I am so happy with my purchase!
I run about 6 of these in my HiFi system and they are really solid cables. The physical build quality is excellent, connections are tight, and sound quality is great. The world of cables is full of pseudo-science and promises of drastically improved A/V quality if you spend $80. Realistically, just buy these for $5 and you'll have the same experience.
Does what it needs to do. I have a new Sony but an older receiver and it was causing issues with my channels. This allowed me to easily solve that problem. I had to drop it to 2.1 channel but from what I’ve read that has to do with the tv and it’s internal apps, not the wiring. Great product.
This is a high-quality RCA adapter cable. One of the best things about it is that it is designed to plug into a phone jack without having to remove the case. I would highly recommend this product to anyone and would buy it again if I needed another.
Good wire, good price, used for outdoor speakers which sound great. Empty spool made great dog toy!
This cable did make a significant difference in richness. I had to adjust the levels to reduce the amount of bass. The cable that came with my subwoofer was much thinner and provided what I thought was decent sound but this cable made a huge difference. It was so significant I was wondering what other cables I should change. This was a great purchase! The only things that could make this better would possibly be a right angle plug.
This cable is one of the best I have ever used. The connectors are solid and well built. The cable runs from end to end wrapped in a flexible nylon mesh that is smooth to the touch and protects the cable very well. It is actually is a great value for what you get.
The exact cord necessary for use for an older monitor to newer COY. Found easily with good descriptions and pictures of connector ends. Solved my problem!
I never knew what these cables were good for until I actually got one and I recommend anyone and everyone who enjoys high quality audio to get this. Unlike RCA cables, optical cables allow for multiple audio channels so that explosions and talking don't clash and peak. Syncwire hasn't disappointed in the quality of merchandise they sell. Definitely a great buy!
As a large restaurant that has over 9 different credit card swipes I was skeptical these would do anything. One day we had a reader that stopped working, I tried one of these for the heck of it and what do you know, after cleaning it worked!
This brush seems to work much better than other cleaning methods I’ve tried for getting dust and dirt off the record, rather than pushing it in. I also bought it for the anti-static feature. After cleaning, there appears to be no detectable left-over static charge. The brush feels like it’s made from high quality aluminium and plastic. Also, the self cleaning feature works really well!
I purchased this one because it added a small hdmi cable to use. This brought the device out further for me to attach to the wall mount directly behind the tv. I was worried that the hdmi outlet would grow week because every time we wanted to watch either cable or the fire stick we would have to unplug one or the other. This allows us just to push a button everything stays plugged in. Very cool idea.
Worked out great! Just purchased a home and wanted to run a full Cat6 network throughout the house. Easy to work with, zero complaints.
Nice. Easy to assemble. If anyone is worried about "paperclips" or whatever conductors shorting out the connectors, remember that clear shrink tubing is your friend.
This device was perfect for my computer, server, and PS4 setup. The PIP function is great to have on this device because of my dual monitor setup while I'm waiting for Battlefield 1 to load the game I can switch over to my computer and enabled PIP so I can see when Battlefield 1 has loaded the game while working on my computer. All I can say is this is an amazing device and aesthetically wise it looks great. This is a great buy and worth every penny!
Works great with my Lenovo laptop, which has only one headset port. Also tested with my motorola phone, which also works great! This is much better than buying a totally new headset.
I have been using this little guy for over a year now and it's working as solidly as it did on day one. It just sits on my desk at work and does it's duty day after day. This is the first external DAC I've ever owned and I'm certainly pleasantly surprised at it's ability to appropriately drive my Marshall Monitor headphones. For the price I am extremely happy with my purchase and would do it again.
This case fits PERFECTLY. I was worried the top would slide around when I opened and closed it but it hasn't. Super easy to clean off after bouncing around in my bag. Not bulky at all. The key-ring is sturdy and I don't feel worried about it breaking or tearing. The bottom plug fits nicely into the lightening port and efficiently keeps out debris while still being easy to move out of the way to charge. 10/10 would recommend.
A perfect replacement for my Bose QC35 cable which broke the first time during use. The quality is high on this cable, and it does take up a little more room in the headphone case, but definitely worth it.
Very happy with this stand. Its build tuff and don't fall over like the cheap stands. Has 3 USB ports that charge pretty quick. The stand has a power button to turn off the charging device so your not burning power and it hasn't overheated with all ports charging. Great value for the money.
Works out of the box. No power cord needed unlike most similiar adapters. Works great with a PS3 and PS4. (Make sure the resolution is set no higher than 480p) Would highly recommend.
I have had this case for almost two years now and it looks as good as new! It does a great job at protecting and organizing my CDs. The outer cover is sturdy and thick. The polypropylene prosleeves help keep dirt and dust away to prevent scratching of delicate surfaces of CDs. I was worried about the inside pockets being thin in the beginning but they have held up nicely. I would recommend this CD case without any hesitation. It is the best one I have used so far.
This order arrived on time and in perfect condition. I had so many cracked CD cases that would fall apart every time I tried to open them up so it was nice to get them all changed out to the new cases. This case is the exact same size as my original cases so they will fit perfectly in the storage rack. I found it very easy to install the cover inserts. I would definitely recommend this product.
Great sleeves for holding the dvd's but I wish that the spine would have been sewn in better. With gentle use it has separated but it is still usable. The plastic sleeves are better quality than the other storage I have found so I will still give this a high rating because I hate when the sleeves rip, go foggy or crumble. So, functional but could use an update to the spine. See pictures.
None were broken, and only a few had scratches on them, which is no big deal, they’re bound to get scratched either way. Now if it’s all of them, then okay I get it, just have them send you new ones. Anyways we are satisfied, thanks guys. They were a perfect fit for our tapes! I definitely recommend buying these if you’re looking to replace old broken cases.
These are great, they fit perfect on the shelves in my entertainment center. You just pull them out, or use the handles on them, and easily find the movie you are looking for.
This is an outstanding device. I replaced an older generation repeater, that was connected to a Universal Remote, and in comparison, this was flawless. It set up easily, and repeated my IR sensor to a hidden cabinet flawlessly. The bonus was that the repeated signal in the hidden cabinet was extremely strong, which meant that I did not have to hunt for the IR sensor on the front of the AV Receiver, or Blue Ray recorder.
I used this to transfer a digital signal from my satellite receiver in my RV to my (RV) bedroom TV. There is only a coax cable for a satellite signal going from main TV to the bedroom. I wanted the receiver to be in the main living space. This worked well to convert the AV out from the satellite receiver to a coax in for the bedroom TV line.
This is a great little tripod. It assembles or disassembles easily, and it very sturdy. I have my Pathway X2 mounted to it and this thing is solid. Last night it without a storm with 50+ MPH winds without breaking a sweat. The included spring makes it easy to secure and it seems to work very well. I would recommend.
I moved my HD dish 100 feet from the house into my field to get a clear sky away from the trees. I set it up by going back and forth to the house looking at the screen, calling back and forth to my wife etc..... it took forever but I got it working. This past winter, the storms and the high winds blew the dish out of position. I didn't want to go through the same fiasco so I bought this meter. I connected it and had the system tweaked in less than 5 minutes. Love it!
A clean and neat way to hide the long power cord of the Google Mini. As pictured, keeps one outlet free for another power cord. My only critcism is that the mini's mute switch is inaccessible without popping it out of this adapter. Otherwise, perfection! 👌 PS Another plus is the clearly written and illustrated instructions.
Worked exactly as I expected. Hardware was loose in the box... but all there. Had a couple small scratches but turned those tward the wall and never see them. Had no trouble mounting speakers. Speakers are Sony bookshelf speakers... flat bottom, wires in back, weigh about 8 pounds. Held them up just fine. Didn't have to drill bottom out like the others. Hole was already open. Looks good and works great.
These casters are well worth the price. I roll my rack around a 2,000 sq. ft. concrete floor as needed using these casters. It rolls easily, changes direction easily, and the casters are good for the full 1,000 lb weight capacity of the rack. Glad I bought them.
Excellent product and does a great job at further isolating my custom Modded AR XA as well as doing a great job imo at adding a tasteful look to the table. Easy to install built very well and looks great.
I bought this to replace the grill cloth on a Roland Blues Cube 60. Contacted Roland to try to order the exact cloth, however, they would only sell it (at an outrageous price) already constructed to a frame. Although slightly different from the original Roland cloth you wouldn't be able to tell unless you had two amps side by side, and even then I think this grill cloth actually looks better than the original cloth, looks more like a vintage fender amp now, very pleased with the purchase.
I purchased these for a scoop cabinet I made. I think these are pretty great. They are thin so I can see them denting if you abused them. Mine are for transport and keeping my wires neat. Don't bother with ordering the screws for them (would be nice if they where included anyway), I use dry wall screws. Defiantly getting another pair for a second cabinet.
When it arrived, the outer box was really beat up. Fortunately, the cabinet is well packed in a 2nd box within it. I guess I'll blame UPS for that. The cabinet is very easy to put together and is very sturdy. The fans are a nice touch and provide a lot of air flow. You don't often see built in fans on a cabinet in this price range. The locks are a bit cheap but they do the job. You have to lock the glass door to keep it closed. Otherwise it will just swing open. For the money, it's a very good value.
I recommend this port tube to anyone that at least slightly understands how to build ported speaker enclosures. You need to be aware of air velocities that will occur in your design. Don't blame the port if you get a lot of chuffing noise. In most cases you'll be better off with a flared port, but if you know this one has the dimensions you need, its a good little port. I'd recommend gluing the slider in place once you've determined the length you want.
Love it! Great quality, great protection all the way around. Even covers the amp on the bottom and all the switches. Easy to put on and take off. Cable pocket is big enough to fit all speaker and power cables including a power strip. Highly recommend.
The Panel Audio Video System is exactly what was described, no surprises. The system is sturdy, durable and easy to assemble. When I finished setting up my home theatre system and 37" Flat Panel LCD TV in and on the system, everything looked terrific. I would recommend this product to anyone, you will not be disappointed.
Product arrived quickly. Was well packaged. Easy to assemble. Looks great very stylish. Great value for the money. Some people may not like the fact that the shelves are not very securely attached to the frame and are there for subject to being moved if you bump into them. However, they will not fall off and are certainly secure enough to hold what ever you place on them. This point doesn't concern me at all. Overall I really like the unit and would recommend it.
This is a simple review, the plugs are silicone and are very precise, fit great. The pack comes with extra plugs so if you lose some don't worry there are extra, and you will probably lose these little things over time. They do what they are supposed to and stay in the ports and don't fall out. If you don't want lint and things in your ports these are great.