They are saying these are sleep phones from sleep phone company however they are not. They are cheaply made and are crummy headphone with felt not well sewn onto them.
Bought this cartridge on sale. I wanted to try a brand I had never tried before. I ended up very frustrated. It was nearly impossible to remove the stylus. When I finally got it out I couldn't get it back in because the plastic on the stylus assembly was warped. I felt cheated. Purchased a new stylus and it went right back in place. Something must have been wrong with this lot that caused them to reduce the price. I won't be purchasing an AT cartridge anytime soon.
This laptop is not fine. I would not buy it.
It refuses to do its job. I put the tape into the machine and all that the machine did was make noise. A tremendous waste of money.
After a few uses the rewinder wouldn't soft eject and got noisier. After a few more uses it stopped working completely.
All I got was a blue screen. This thing did not work at all. Huge disappointment. I guess I won’t be able to play N64 games afterall.
Unfortunately this product did NOT work for me. It produced no video on the HDMI output. I tried both 720p and 1080p settings and neither worked. I have a working DVD player with working video and audio outputs. I tried all the HDMI inputs on my Samsung flat screen TV. No configuration produced video. The sound did go through but it did not sound good. A direct analog audio connection from the DVD to the TV produces much better sound quality. I feel the circuits in this product are not well designed or of poor quality. Disappointing.
What a piece of junk. My monitor went from slightly unacceptable red, to totally green. I thought maybe I hadn't put it flush against the screen or something and so did it again. With the same terrible results. This will be sent back asap.
Didn't notice it until i wore them & washed them but compared to the other identical tops I got from another source, these tops do not fit correctly in the neck area. Neck hole is too wide & edges stick up around back area. Almost like a bad run through the manufacturing process. Beware.
This projector mount is terrible. The screws do not stay secure in the metal pieces, so the hinge mounts are always loose. Every time I watch a movie, the projector is pointing a different direction and needs to be bumped back into place.
The zipper on this travel case is terrible, inferior quality. Constantly comes undone at opposite end when zipped.
Poorly made cheap product. The appeal is that it works like a remote. However, it does not deliver. The numbers on one side and letters on the other makes it hard to type phrases that require numbers. So you have to keep flipping back and over. Eventually, the keys don't respond correctly. Some keys will not respond at all. Some keys punch out whatever key is on the other side of the remote. You're better off buying a mini wireless keyboard with a mini touchpad on it. Skip this one.
The camera strap came off the bag (threads came undone) within minutes of using it (very light careful usage). Since this was a Christmas gift I couldn't very well return it. I was able to sew the tabs back onto the case but there seems to be very little if any quality control. Also the color filters snap into the camera lens way too tight and unless you are careful the front panel of the camera lens gets popped off as well (as I learned the hard way). I was able to snap the panel back onto the camera lens but I wouldn't recommend buying this set.
It has a chemical smell that is horrific. I tried spraying it with air freshener, body spray, and currently have it sitting at home with a car freshener inside hoping it will help. But if it doesn't go away it needs to go back. The size and what it's made for is perfect. But there is no way I can travel with this if it continues to smell this bad.
This case smells AWFUL. It has a horrid smell, I don't know if you could ever get it out. The smell even transfers onto your hands.
It smelled so bad that I had to throw it away! I couldn’t stand another second of it being near me! I see other reviews mentioning the same odor. What is that and whyyyy is it so strong on the case?! Could’ve been the perfect case if it wasn’t for the terrible smell!
I really wanted to get a peak design strap because of the quality material and the quick release buttons. However the quick release button gets in the way of holding the camera at times causing more annoyance than comfort. the quick release mechanism in my opinion should be further away from the camera body rather than close and cumbersome.
The foam in the case is cut too big and the GoPro Hero 5 Black slides around and isn't held in place at all. Might as well not have a case at all. Junk.
Amazon what were you thinking with such a suitcase, this is not a camera bag this is a large suitcase that takes the little space travelers try to save. I haven't used this big thing and would be happy if Amazon refund and take it back because it is simply atrocious.
Cheap, too small to actually hold anything important, and a nuisance to transport. I literally threw it in a closet the second I opened it.
Even though this camera is designed for the fugifilm instax camera it does not fit. There is no space for the counter to show thru. The f stop designations can’t be seen because the lense hole is too tight. Once you get the lense cover off it is too cumbersome so you end up taking the cover off. Now where do you put it? Buy it only if you are looking for a cute case. Don’t look for functionality.
The universal remote does not work with all the cameras listed. I checked the company website and confirmed this about my Nikon d7100. The flash communicates with the hot shoe mount on top with no problem. You just cannot use it remotely.
I am very dissapointed with this Flash. Pictures came out decent, but material felt cheap, a part look crooked or popping out. Then a couple uses later, the inside battery piece fell off which is what detects the batteries. Now it's unusable because there is no way it turns on. The only thing I liked from this product, was the free wristband it came with.
This flash stopped working after one use. It only lights up half the image. There is literally and line where the flash lit up and complete darkness on the other half. Total waste of money. By the time I went to use it for the second time, it was too late to get my money back. Very disappointing.
Had this for less than two months and it died in the middle of a photo session. This was only the second time using it. Changed out the batteries, let it sit for a while, then tried again. Nothing. Very displeased.
This product does not accommodate the assembled telescope (optics tube plus gimbal mount), but only the tube. If I have to disassemble the tube from the mount, I might as well use the two boxes in which they were shipped to me! I want to return it.
I often like Neewer products, good quality in cheaper prices. But not this bag. I have used since November 2017. The shoulder trap has already fell off after only 10 months of use.
The battery charger is too big. I ordered a charger for My camera (canon G7X MARK 2). The charger I received is Canon LC-E10C. I also ordered the full case Procter.. it is also too big. Am extremely disappointed.
This adaptor was difficult to use and didn't function as expected. It did not hold the binoculars tightly. It permitted the binoculars to fall off several times over the course of the first six weeks of owning them, to the point that the binoculars are now broken from the falls. This was a waste of money, and worse, as a result of using this adaptor, the binoculars were also a waste of money.
A waste of money for me. I dont know about smaller types on binoculars, but the Celestron 20×80 set of mine do not appear compatible with this thing. It does not come with any installation instructions whatsoever. And it's so small and flimsy feeling, I don't see how it would be a benefit to use.
Adapter's screw was cross threaded when it arrived. I had no idea and just thought it was a tight fit. See pictures. It kept coming loose so I kept tightening it. Unfortunately, all I managed to do was strip out the threads in my new binoculars so now no adapter (or anything else) will screw in. Super bummed and super disappointed!
I think the design on this tripod adapter is very poor. The threads are so short that I was only able to get it 1 1/4 turns into my binoculars. I was afraid of the threads being stripped or my binoculars falling, so I returned it.
Suddenly stopped working. Broke exactly one month after I got it. Won't load into the VCR player. Tried new battery just in case. Regular cassettes still load so I know it is the adapter. Worked fine for 4 or 5 videos, then just doesn't work. After one month can't return it, but it is a total waste of money since it doesn't work. Would give it negative stars if I could. It's frustrating there is no customer service so I can't even get it fixed, and it was expensive.
Absolute junk! Stay away from this piece of junk, destroyed itself the first time I tried using and killed my VCR. This is a definite no exclamation.
The app has very poor network stability when using this cable with WYZE cam. It will be searching for the camera all the time. The camera app suggests reducing the resolution to accommodate the poor cable (voltage too low with long cable at the camera). I returned it to Amazon. The app with the WYZE standard cable and A/C adapter is very stable for me.
I hoped this would work at looking after the lens and screen of my GoPro. However, it failed at every aspect. The protector for the screen wouldn’t sit properly, and it didn’t matter what I done I couldn’t get it to sit so that I could view the image onscreen. The plastic lens cap was I good idea. However, they are typically too big to fit the lenses without it falling off. When I put the cover on, it came off as soon as I turned the camera upside down for a second.
This brush is not helpful. Following the instructions with care only added more dust to the surface of the sensor. I owned a photolab for thirty years and have a great deal of experience with dust control on film and photographic equipment. This purchase was a waste of money and using it is a waste of time.
I carefully followed the instructions and advice from the comments. After the first couple of swipes 2 bristle tips broke off 5mm in length and were extremely difficult to get out from the sensor area. Returning for refund.
I absolutely would not buy this product again, the only good thing that came from it was the blower and the lenspen. I tried cleaning my camera once with this and the bristles from the brush came off in my camera and now they will not go away, they are stuck inside of the viewfinder and its annoying as hell. This doesn't get your camera clean if anything it's dirtier than any time before. Horrible product do not purchase.
So this was supposed to clean the screen but instead little black pieces of dirt or fiber was falling out onto my keyboard. Figures maybe the one I opened wasn't well made and tried the other two that were included and the same thing happened. Dissapointed, had to return it.
These cloths are the worst. Little pieces of the cloth rub off onto things and end up smearing things. I now have to buy other cleaning products to try to clean my things that have been damaged by these cloths.
This item wasn't helpful at all and didn't blow a large enough volume of air with enough force to be effective in removing dust from my devices / DSLR.
During the first shoot I did with this, the board fell out of the clapper sticks. The dry erase marker won't come off unless I use a cleaning solution, even after only being on the board for 5 minutes. Very disappointed.
The clapper itself seems fine. But the first time I went to write on it and wipe it off, the dry erase won't come off. I've tried water, rubbing alcohol (dry erase cleaner), and goo gone. The dry erase stays, even if I rub and rub like an old washerwoman; the black clapper text and lines come off. What's the point of a clapper you can't write on? The only way this thing is useful now is if I put masking tape in the fields to write on. Don't waste your damn time!
Awful! It didn't last an hour! The clapper was okay, but the dry erase board was useless after the first scene. Writing did not erase. Just a mucky mess.
I wouldn't recommend buying this for anything other than hanging on the wall. The one I ordered broke in less than 12 hours - the white acrylic snapped near the top left just below the sticks. May have already had a hairline crack due to shipping but I can't be sure. I superglued it back together for the time being and I'm debating if it's worth the money or effort to reinforce the back of the slate vs buying one of better quality.
Don’t buy this crap. It is NOT an actual suited case for GoPro. Just a generic case with single moveable divider, not really thought through in any way to fit actual GoPro accessories any better than a sling bag. The stick is cheaper and flimsier than a common 5$ selfie stick. Total rip off.
Does not feed the printer paper and when it finally picks it up, it stops printing and says paper jam, but there is no paper jam. Did not use it until prom night and was very upset with my purchase.
Was originally shipped with a bad battery. Had to hold the unit 3-6" from my camera to get it to work. Since buying a new battery for $5.99 it works inconsistently even a foot away. You can only point it at one angle to the camera to get it to work consistently, so unless you hold it exactly in the spot each time, you miss a shot. Regret buying.
This product has been a total waste of money. It does not work as advertised. Even though I have tried to install the battery both ways in the Fototech remote control it either gets stuck so I cannot push it closed or it falls out of the battery compartment. I have tried a couple of different batteries with it and I have had the same results. Very disappointing!